{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset1 Cambria Math;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}{\*\mmathPr\mmathFont2\mwrapIndent1440 }\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\f0\fs22\lang9\par
\b\fs32 ONLINE CAB BOOKING\b0\f1\par
\fs24 INTRODUCTION\fs28\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\f0 PURPOSE\fs22\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\tab Online Cab Booking Management System is developed to manage all cab hiring work online. It is useful for car booking agency that are specialized in Hiring cabs to customers. Using this system many cab-booking agencies are moving ahead to become a pioneer in the vehicle rental industry by completely focusing on customers. Using this system, it is very easy for customer to book a car online and cab-booking agency can also track their booking online. So, it is also very useful for car booking agency. It is an online system through which customers can view available cabs,register the cabs, view profile and book cabs. Mostly peoples use cab service for their daily transportations need. Cab booking agency can also check which car is free for booking and which cars are on booking at present time.\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs28 PROJECT SCOPE \fs22\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj This project\rquote s aim is to automate the system, calculating the fare, selecting appropriate route, booking the cab, collecting all necessary information of the client and then serve the client. The data used by the system is stored in a database that will be the centre of all information held clients and employees and the base for the remainder of the process after the initial application has been made. This enables things to be simplified and considerably quickened, making the jobs of the people involved easier. It supports the current process but centralizes it and makes it possible for decisions to be made earlier and easier way.\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs28 EXISTING SYSTEM\fs22\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj Existing Online Cab Booking project system requires lots of physical and mental efforts as cabs are booked manually on call. Many chances of human errors such as wrong entry of journey date, time and location are recorded manually in a register by an employee thereby increasing chances of misregistration. No clear communication among drivers, passengers and the office leading to a denial of service. Punctuality is not maintained and faster accessibility of cabs is not possible due to traffic and miscommunication issues. Level of sharing of information is weak. Customers suffer a lot in terms of comfort and safety.\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs28 PROPOSED SYSTEM\fs22\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj The proposed Online Cab Booking project system ensures that the users can book the cab as per their requirements by logging on to the website. It allows users to book their cabs online, manage their bookings and cancel their bookings at any point of time. Regular updates are provided to the customer so that they are aware of their bookings, driver details, and booking status. The user can also drop in their suggestions or queries in the feedback form.\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs28 OBJECTIVES OF THE PROPOSED SYSTEM\fs22\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj The aim of the proposed system is to address the limitations of the current system. The requirements for the system have been gathered from the defects recorded in the past and also based on the feedback from users of previous metrics tools. Following are the objectives of the proposed system: \par
\f2\u10625?\f0     Reach to geographically scattered clients. One of the important objectives of the online booking system is communicate with all the clients scattered geographically.\par
\f2\u10625?\f0     Automate the process of booking. The system will reduce the time and effort of the clients and employees and automate the process of booking.\par
\f2\u10625?\f0     Reduced manpower. Reduce the manpower needed to perform the booking and serving clients.\par
\f2\u10625?\f0     Operational efficiency. Improve the operational efficiency by improving the quality of the process.\lang9\par
\fs28\par
\ul\b ACTORS\par
\ulnone\b0\fs24 1.User\par
2.Admin\par
3.Cab Owner\par
\ul\b\fs28 REQUIREMENTS\i\fs24\par
\ulnone USER\b0\i0\fs32\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs24 Registration(Signup for new users)\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs22\tab Name field Should not include any characters or numbers.Should consist of min 3 letters and max of 25 letters.Seperate fields can be provided for First name and Last name.It should be marked as Mandatory field. Mobile number should exactly contain 10 digits also it should not start with zero or any other special characters.Validation required as OTP. Email Id should be Validated using OTP.User can select whether they need mobile number or email address to be the username. Place they are currently staying should be provided including pincode.Gender field can consist of a drop down menu to select the options from within it.Job designation and company name should be marked as mandatory.Company timing details can be given as 24hr timing system and should mention the working days.Password should consist of Min of 8 characters including uppercase,lowercase,special characters and numbers.\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs24 Login\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs22\tab Username can be Email id or Mobile number.It should be a mandatory field.Should not start with a zero or any special characters.Seperate dropdown menu can be given inorder to select for the user whether they have registered using mobile number or email id. Password should consist of min of 8 characters including uppercases, lowercases, special characters and numbers.Captcha should be provided containing  4-6 letters or numbers. Signup for the ones who have no account in the app. Forgot password field if the user type an incorrect password this option can be used to retain the account.\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs24 Forgot password\fs22\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\tab A valid username should be provided.Username can be mobile number or EmailId.An OTP should be send to the username provided by the user.Password reset field which should accept min of 8 characters including uppercases, lowercases, special characters and numbers.Confirm password field should match with each and every characters in the new password field.User should be able to view the Password that they are typing in both the password fields.Signin using the new password option should be given in the page after settingup new password.\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs24 Search for Cab\fs22\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\tab Search can be done using location which should include exact landmark for pickup and dropoff, date & time mentioned in GMT for both pickup as well as dropoff and vehicle name can be selected from the dropdown menu provided.Any two of these options should be marked as mandatory.Filters should be provided for specifying number of passengers ranging from 1 to 5, AC/non AC vehicle should be given as button, Price range, Car group whether luxury or premium, GPS facility required or not.\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs24 Book for a cab\fs22\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs24\tab\fs22 From the search results user can select a cab using BOOK NOW option.This option should be active only when the vehicle is available during the specified date and time.It should direct to a new page where all the details of the vehicle should be mentioned.It can include Vehicle registration number which can contain alphabets and numbers only.No special characters are allowed in this field.Driver's name where it should be min of 3 letters and max of 25 letters. Driver's License number, Max number of person the vehicle can contain and an image of the vehicle.Also display all the details that the user provided in the filter options.Confirmation button can be provided at the end of the page agreeing to all the terms and conditions of the app.Cancel booking option should be provided inorder to cancel any previous or current bookings.\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs24 Payment\fs22\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\tab Payment methods can be listed as options using buttons.It can include card payment,Gpay,netbanking.This field should be marked as mandatory.Any discounts or offers should be highlighted in this page.After selecting for payment option it can direct to the banking page and proceed with payment.\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 i.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pnlcrm{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj Card payment-Card number field where it only accepts numbers.Expiry date field where the date can be selected from the options provided.Validation should be done by sending OTP.\par
{\pntext\f0 ii.\tab}Gpay-Direct to Gpay app and proceed with the payment.After payment redirect to the cab booking page itself.\par
{\pntext\f0 iii.\tab}Netbanking-Account number can include Alphabets and numbers. No special characters are allowed.Registered mobile number field should accept only numbers and no special characters or alphabets are allowed.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj An invoice can be send to the users registered email or mobile number which was provided during login time.After successfull completion of payment an OTP should be send to the registered mobile number also mentioning the vehicle registration number.\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs24 Track the vehicle\fs22\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs24\tab\fs22 Live location of the vehicle can be displayed on top of the page.Time remaining to reach the destination can also be included along with that in the GMT format.A reminder can be set 5mins before the vehicle arrives.\par
\par
\b\i\fs24 ADMIN\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\b0\i0 Registration (Signup)\b\i\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\b0\i0\tab\fs22 Name field Should not include any characters or numbers.Should consist of min 3 letters and max of 25 letters.Seperate fields can be provided for First name and Last name.It should be marked as Mandatory field. Mobile number should exactly contain 10 digits also it should not start with zero or any other special characters.Validation required as OTP. Email Id should be Validated using OTP.User can select whether they need mobile number or email address to be the username.Gender field can consist of a drop down menu to select the options from within it.Job designation and company name should be marked as mandatory. Password should consist of Min of 8 characters including uppercase,lowercase,special characters and numbers.\b\i\fs24\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\b0\i0 Login\fs22\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs24\tab\fs22 Username can be Email id or Mobile number.It should be a mandatory field.Should not start with a zero or any special characters.Seperate dropdown menu can be given inorder to select for the user whether they have registered using mobile number or email id. Password should consist of min of 8 characters including uppercases, lowercases, special characters and numbers.Captcha should be provided containing  4-6 letters or numbers. Signup for the ones who have no account in the app. Forgot password field if the user type an incorrect password this option can be used to retain the account.\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs24 Forgot password\fs22\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\tab A valid username should be provided.Username can be mobile number or EmailId.An OTP should be send to the username provided by the user.Password reset field which should accept min of 8 characters including uppercases, lowercases, special characters and numbers.Confirm password field should match with each and every characters in the new password field.User should be able to view the Password that they are typing in both the password fields.Signin using the new password option should be given in the page after settingup new password.\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs24 Home page\fs22\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 i.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pnlcrm{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj View bookings-All the bookings made by the users will be visible over here. Admin should be able to view the bookings within the specified range of date and time.\par
{\pntext\f0 ii.\tab}Cab details-All the available cab details should be updated.Removal of invalid cab option should be provided.\par
{\pntext\f0 iii.\tab}Payment details-All the payments done by the user will be visible in this field.\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs24 Payment\fs22\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs24\tab Total Payment details will be present in this window.Pending payments, Cancellations and confirmed payments  should be seperatly provided.\fs22\par
\tab\par
\b\i\fs24 CAB OWNER\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\b0\i0 Registration (Signup)\b\i\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\b0\i0\tab\fs22 Name field Should not include any characters or numbers.Should consist of min 3 letters and max of 25 letters.Seperate fields can be provided for First name and Last name.It should be marked as Mandatory field. Mobile number should exactly contain 10 digits also it should not start with zero or any other special characters.Validation required as OTP. Email Id should be Validated using OTP.User can select whether they need mobile number or email address to be the username.Gender field can consist of a drop down menu to select the options from within it.Password should consist of Min of 8 characters including uppercase,lowercase,special characters and numbers.\b\i\fs24\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\b0\i0 Login\fs22\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs24\tab\fs22 Username can be Email id or Mobile number.It should be a mandatory field.Should not start with a zero or any special characters.Seperate dropdown menu can be given inorder to select for the user whether they have registered using mobile number or email id. Password should consist of min of 8 characters including uppercases, lowercases, special characters and numbers.Captcha should be provided containing  4-6 letters or numbers. Signup for the ones who have no account in the app. Forgot password field if the user type an incorrect password this option can be used to retain the account.\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs24 Forgot password\fs22\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\tab A valid username should be provided.Username can be mobile number or EmailId.An OTP should be send to the username provided by the user.Password reset field which should accept min of 8 characters including uppercases, lowercases, special characters and numbers.Confirm password field should match with each and every characters in the new password field.User should be able to view the Password that they are typing in both the password fields.Signin using the new password option should be given in the page after settingup new password.\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs24 Adding cab details\fs22\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs24\tab\fs22 A text field for adding cab name. It should not contain any special characters or numbers.A field for cab registration number where only alphabets and numbers are allowed.A text field for entering the routes they used to travel.A field to enter the schedule of their drive in the order day-time-route.A number field to enter the price range.An image picker to pick the images of the cab and upload. Number of seats, AC/non AC, car group whether luxury or premium should also be mentioned.All the above details should be mandatorily filled.Submit button should validate the data and also alert the user whether they had missed any mandatory field.\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs24 Updating cab details \fs22\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs24\tab\fs22 A field for changing cab name. It should not contain any special characters or numbers.It can show the original name of the cab so that the user may get to know about it.A field for cab registration number where only alphabets and numbers are allowed.A text field for updating the routes they used to travel.It can display the cab routes that was previously added in the list.Delete/Add option can be given along with that.A field to enter the schedule of their drive in the order day-time-route.A number field to update the price range.An image picker to pick the images of the cab and upload. Number of seats, AC/non AC, car group whether luxury or premium can also be updated.Submit button that will validate new data that are entered and also alert the user about any misssing mandatory fields.\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs24 Booking details\fs22\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs24\tab\fs22 Cab bookings done by the user should be displayed here.It should include the date, time, pickup location and dropoff location.The driver can Accept/Reject the booking made by the user.A message should be send to the user as confirmation based on the response by  the driver.\par
\par
\fs24\tab\fs22\par
\fs24\tab\fs22\par
}
 